NAKI ANONPROFIT WORKER HERE
IN WASHINGTON.
SPLSYLIFE RABBLE
TO PITALISM.
>> DEMTI REARE C N WNCHOTWOAV
UU   DI SN ISRITEAD ENLL H
?MPR
N
ST.
ATHA DGHN'VE BRDNONYOEND   CAV
A
C
AKAG T H  T H TCENTWH NLUMTITSFU
I
E
A
F
ROAN INND AUR
A.PL'THEUN TESVE
ISNDAPH ITSF ES ARYDEL
IDLLIOPE
WO
I
U
E
O,OUNGFT DY,NAY, TS
LY, PE NDTH 1 T
O
U  MSING S EA  ST ORL'T WA,TR I
DGERCENOPN'T YG  DND PAL
ONADTRSTHMIRAM   T. THS, TEC
OOORMUR LI'SASTH ORYCLOOYO W AUA
AN TLEEW S SAT ATHNASTCR OA IATD
HAPEGNY,E NACIHEALE THA>>T,WHR
NC ,PLKWA MATENE CU ERGHHA LYERA
IN  TESRGS IONDERBL IISUR PHAESD
,
PM, IN ROESNICISOANWETOPIT H
K
T
THEWHNO GLAAT WE,ANRD
ELTE HRNMG
E
DUHEHA RO Y
D PN
ESTIIS TTYLA
BI
L
ES TANUG>> D A GCA TY
VI CLEY.TON
NIS HEWEOET U RE  A
L E
C RYNGOW
.GHSETWEKEDE
LI L G,SBY IHEKH ONREWO.
DE
AIN ANILAE?, LHE PEA AHAND
OIN AENTBLVE  RTSRI GTREN I
'TG
S  TT.UB REIVRMELLNDVE ECA ILEI
REESDEFHOISCRABAIRULI TIN TANEML
VE,
?
H
,
C
SS ELSTNOBEN'
NTTLM E,CA H
MPRIHA A BNWAHO TASN T L
>>,T WA GGYH
YOWSOEEERE A AHU AIKCO LGHBI G
BL TYTRILN  HE REJ  HEN TAEGOIES
T
I
AGGOFFEHAEANL R